Hey there. In this video, we're going to build chap clone by leveraging advanced retrieving techniques for query response. We're going to talk about multiquery retriever for creating multiple embeddings of documents. Parent document retriever which is a type of multi vector retriever for creating parent chunks and child chunks of a document. Contextual compression retriever for cleaning data retrieved from vector database for better counters to the LLM. Multiquery retriever for generating multiple versions of the user input for broader counters to the LLM. To improve the quality of the response, we're going to set up a supervised multi- aent system or we're going to have the manager agents with four sub agents. We're going to have a retriever agents, critic agents, multiquery agents, and a planer agents. Let's have a look to the demo. Now, this is a PDF. It talks about generative AI. I'm going to import it into the system. Okay, this is a PDF of 10 pages. We're going to import it into the system. I'm going to head into here and then I'm going to click here, upload, and then I'm going to select it. Okay, actually they start embedding the PDF. You can see they split it into multiple chunks. You can see we have it in here. Now I'm going to pass here an input and pass here like tell me something about generative AI. Okay, now I'm going to tap inner and then I'm going to reduce the window here. Okay, actually the agent starts working and you can see in here this is the input now all help you learn about generative AI. Okay, and you can see actually we are streaming the agent thinking in real time. Okay, we have streaming the agent thinking in real time. You can see actually the agent is working and you can see I separate the agent thinking with the response. Okay, you can see guys this is the thinking section. Okay, the agent is thinking how to work, how to give us a better response. Okay, and in here in the background you can see to name retriever agents. The retriever agents actually is working. Okay, the manager agents has already called the planer agent. You can see actually yeah it's continue working. Okay, actually they're still working. You can you can see here thinking. Okay, it's still working. Okay, thinking. Okay, they're working towards our input. Okay. Yeah, you can you can see it continue working. You continue working guys. You can see continue working. Okay. Continue working. You can see continue working. You head into the console here. Continue working. Continue fetching the data. Okay. We are going to it's going to generate the response soon. Okay. the the main agent is analyzing the data. The main agent is analyzing the data actually guys for better response. Okay. Yeah. Now you can see guys the agent finish working. You can see we have here the thinking the steps that the agents work through in order to give us a response. And here you can see this is the overview of generative AI key applications by sector software development creative industries. We have a text to image generation text to video generation. This [snorts] is the response generated by the AI. Okay. And yeah you can see that actually we are streaming the AI response in real time. And in here we have some docs that I've uploaded in the system. You can see we have some docs. Okay. Okay, you can select here do and then you can start chatting with it. Okay, first of all you need to upload a do guys. Okay. All right guys, not going to start with the first chapter. We're going to talk about some advanced retrieving technique. We are going to talk about multi vector retriever, contextual compression retriever, multi retriever. So let's start with multi vector retriever. So what is multi vector retriever? Multiv retriever is a type of retrieving technique that allows to create multiple embeddings of a documents. You can see we have here a document. We're going to take the documents. We're going to pass it to a processing pipeline in order to extract tables, text, and images. And once we have here these elements of these documents, we're going to create embeddings of each element. Okay, we we're going to create embeddings for the table. We're going to create embedding for the text and images. And then we're going to take this embeddings. We're going to pass it to a vector database. I'm going to present you here guys another type of multi vector retriever that we are going to implement throughout this course which is parent document retriever. This is a type of multi vector retriever where we take a documents we going to split it into big chunks that we call parent chunks and then we're going to take these parent chains we're going to split them into smaller chunks. So in order to understand this better, I'm going to present you the cons of a basic embedding pipeline and a basic retrieval pipeline. So you can see here guys, we have a document. This is a PDF. We take it, we import it in the system. We are going to pass it to a text splitter pipeline. We're going to split the document into multiple chunks. And here we're going to take here these chunks. We are going to pass to the embedding model in order to create embeddings. And once we have here this embeddings, we're going to pass to Vic database. Now when we're going to want to retrieve a data, we're going to construct a query. We're going to pass it to the embedding model. We are going to create a embedding to the query. And then we're going to perform similarity search in a vector database. Now with this kind of system, we have some drawbacks guys. We have poor retrieval. A dog chain may have less contest. LM hallucinates because contest is incomplete. not enough data for better answer generation. Now you can see these are the drawbacks of this of a knife embedding pipeline. You can see here guys once we take a PDF we split it into smaller chunks. You can see here we have a fixed chunk size of the document. Okay, we're going to say we're going to take the document right here. We're going to split it into chunks of 500. Okay, the chunk size if is fixed and we may have some chunks where we have enough contest and we have other chunks where we don't have data. You can see we have problems. Now in order to mitigate this kind of errors, we're going to leverage here a parent document embedding pipeline which is a type of multi vector retriever. And here guys, we're going to take a document, we going to split it into big chunks that we call parent chunks. We are going to take these parent chunks. We're going to split it into smaller chunks. And then once we have these smaller chunks, we going to make a reference to their parent document. Okay? Each chunks right here has a reference to their parent documents. Now once we have here, we create multiple embeddings. We have here parent chunks and child chunks. We are going to take that we're going to pass to the embedding model to we're going to create embeddings. And then once we have here this embeddings, we're going to pass it to the vict database. Now when we're going to want to retrieve the data, we are going to construct a query here. We are going to retrieve here is child chs. Okay. And once we retrieve child chs as in the child chs, we have a reference. We have an ID here. In every child, we have an ID. Okay. This ID allow us to make a reference to a parent chains. with this ID we are going to retrieve a parent chain. Okay. And then once we have the parent chunks we are going to take that we're going to pass it to the LLMs contest. Now you can see this how we can leverage a parent document retriever in order to improve the contest. Now we're going to take a look to some cons of a multiffactor retriever. You can see with multiffactor retriever we have the possibility to pass a lot of data to the LLM. Now this data can contain noise can contain irrelevant data and we may fill up the countest window. Now in order to mitigate to this kind of issue we are going to leverage another technique which is contextual compression retriever. This one here you can see this is a retrieving pipeline. We are going to take the smaller chunks. We're going to retrieve you the the parent chunks of these smaller chunks. And then we're going to take the parent chunks here. We're going to pass it to a compression layer. And once we pass the data to a compression layer, we are going to clean it. We going to remove irrelevant data. And then our LMS, we're going to pass it quality data. Okay? Because we already remove noise in the data. Now you can see this is a contextual compression retriever. It is another layer that we add to a multiffactor retriever. Now this layer too, this uh contextual compression retriever has here some limitations. You know the the document can use another vocabulary which is so different from the user query. You know a user PDF can contains a broad vocabulary which is different from the user query. Okay. Now in order to mitigate to this kind of issue we are going to use the LLM in order to generate multiple query of the user question in order to of the user query in order to improve the generation. We are going to you can see in here we're going to take here the user question and then once we we have here the user question we are going to pass it to the LLM in order to generate multiple query. Maybe we can generate free questions and then we're going to use these free questions in order to retrieve data in the Vic database and then we're going to take these data we're going to pass it to the LLM in order to generate an answer. Now I'm going to show you how to put together this technique in order to create an efficient retrieving pipeline. Let's get into the code. All right guys, now going to learn how multiffactor retriever works in practice. So before you get going guys, we're going to copy a repository. You're going to visit the channel. You're going to head into the description the video and then clone. You're going to see the video the section link chain and rag lessons. You're going to click here. They're going to take you to this repository. You're going to clone it and then you're going to tap npm install. Okay. And once done, we're going to install an additional package lenchin classic. This package contains functionality from lenchin v version 0. That has been moved out of the main lenchen version. Okay, which is version one. Okay. Now you're going to install this additional package. Once done, we are going to head into the code now. Okay. And yeah, we are going to create a file multi vector.js. Okay. And also you you need to have here keys of motor provider. You can see I have here key for a cres and also I have a key for fireworks. Try to get one of these. Okay. for motor provider and we're going to you're going to look for a key for an embedded model. Head into head head on coher.com create an account and head into your dashboard. You're going to get an API key. Okay. And also we're going to need an API key for vector database. We're going to use pine cone. You're going to head on pyon.com and then you're going to copy a key. Now we're going to head into the file. You can see in here guys I've already imported on a package in order to run this file. And in here you can see at the bottom here we have a doc embedding multiv vector. Okay we have here two pipeline. We have a a pipeline that allows to embed a file and we have in our pipeline that has to retrieve data from a vector database. Now I'm going to start with the doc embedding pipeline. Do I name it doc embedding multifact. Okay. Now you can see this function takes an array of links. You can see as we are using here JavaScript, it's pretty difficult to know that that this is an array. Okay, you can see the URLs right here is an array of links. Now you can see we pass here co here embedding motor. Then we pass here pine cone and then at the bottom here we have a function load rodox. I'm going to click here. We're going to see what we have in what we have in it. This function it allow us to return an array of documents. You can see we are going to iterate through the array of links. We are going to extract data by using chio web based loader. We we're going to return an array of documents. After that we are going we have here another function which is create parent docs. We use this function in order to create parent chunks. Now if I click right here you can see we have the function and in here we use recursive caratic splitter in order to create in order to create chunks in order to split that the the documents into chunks and the chunk size is 1,000 and chunk of lab 200. Then we are going to iterate through the parent documents. We're going to create here some metadata like do type. We're going to specify here is parent chain ID. We are going to pass here the generated UYU ID. We're going to pass it in here. Parent ID. We're going to pass the generated ID. And we're going to pass the source. We're going to pass here the generated ID. And this is the And this is the function that allows to create parent chunks. Now, we're going to create child CHS from the parent documents. Now, you can see we have the function create child docs. We pass it parent docs. We pass in an array of documents in order to create child chunks. Now we use again here recursive character class in order to split these big chunks into smaller chunks. Now the chunk size is 400 chunk over 50. Then we're going to iterate through these child chunks and then we're going to make a reference to the parent document. You can see here we have here parent metadata. We take the metadata of the par the parent document and then we create a metadata into child's document pass metadata dot type is equal to child and then we take here the parent metadata object pass here parenta id in order to make a reference to a parent chunks. Now once we just extract data create parent chunks and create child chunks we are going to take this data we're going to pass it to the vector store. Okay you can see in here we initialize pine con and then we take parent docs and then child docs we pass it to the vector store in order to keep the data in the vector database. Now once we have the data in the vector store we're going to use the query multiffactor store function in order to retrieve the data. We pass here the query and the another parameter which is the K parent. We're going to return to free a parent do. Then here we create a vector store. We pass here pine con store that from exist index. We going to return. We're going to retrieve here in a vector store. We're going to we're going to retrieve here top 10 documents. Okay. Vector store. That's similarity search. We pass the user query and then we pass here top 10 documents. And then you can see do type is equal to child. That's what I've said in here guys. You can see when we were talking about the theory I said this when we want to retrieve data in a multi vector store we we need to pass the user query. Then we're going to extract first child dog and once we extract child do dogs we are going to ex we're going to use the ID store in a metadata in order to retrieve the parent dog. That's what I'm doing here guys. Now once we have here the the parent ch ID we are going to retrieve the parent doc. Now we're going to move to the compression layer. You can see in here guys we have here parent docks. We are going to pass it to the compression layer in order to remove noise in order to remove irrelevant data. Now in here guys you can see we in order to create a compression layer we import lm chain extrader from lenchen classic. You can see we pass here llm extrader. I import it from lenchen classic. Okay for/classic. I import it from lenchin classic. And then after that we're going to we're going to instantiate here the contextual compression retriever. We're going to instantiate a class here. You can see put our case over it. It takes the llm chain extra. We pass it in here as parameter and it takes the base retriever. We pass here vector store as retriever. We pass here the k parent which is equal to free. We're going to return top three parent doc and we pass the filter is equal to parent and source in parent chunks. Okay, we pass here id of parent chs a reference in child chunks and then we are going to have here an array of documents. We are going to return here the query but also going to return here the retrieve docs. Now we're going to try this. We are going to run first the embedding pipeline. We are going to store the data in a vector database and then we are going to run here the retrieving pipeline in order to retrieve the data in a vector database. We are going to see how it looks like. Now what I'm going to do, let me first comment this. I'm going to get rid of this line here. I'm going to remove this right here. And let me comment this. And now we going to run this pipeline. And once it finish running, we are going to see something like this. We're going to see documents. Okay, I can just pass here console.log finish embedding. Pass your console.log finished embedding. Okay, like this. And then like this. And now I'm going to run this and see what we're going to get. Okay, I'm going to head into CD. I'm going to head into the project. Okay, and then we going to run that. Okay, we're going to run that and pass I'm going to pass here not and I'm pass here multi vector the JS we're going to see what we're going to get. Okay, actually we are loading the document and then you can see creating parent chunks. We create we create parent chunks and then at the bottom here creating child chunks store in pine cone. Okay. And after that, we're going to console finished embedding. Let's wait a bit. Okay, we're going to see this. And guys, you can see this is the link here. It talks about prompt engineering. If you want to visit it, you can see it right here. It talks about prompt engineering. Okay, we embed it. And let's head into the console. Yeah, you can see creating child chunks. uh store storing in pine cone. Okay, we just store the data in ve database. Now it's time to retrieve the data in vector database. Okay, now in order to retrieve the data in vector database, we going to call another function right here which is query multi vector store. Okay, I'm going to call the function and then I'm going to console the result right here. And in order this pipeline run pretty well, you need to have here a key of char cres or char firework. You need to pass here, you need to pass an llm. You need to instantiate an llm insert from llm function. You need to pass here an llm in order to make it work. Okay. And make sure you already have an API key. Now I'm going to head into the console and then we're going to run this again. Yeah, you can see guys that actually just got data. We just retrieved data guys and you can see here's the query types of prompt engineering. You can see we have here zero shots, few shots, instruction prompting, we have here self-consistency, we have here channel thoughts and here and so on. You can see at the bottom here we have a quite a few prompt engineering technique and yeah this how you can retrieve data from a multi vector from a multi vector retriever and you can see we I'm passing here a compression pipeline. Now let's try to remove the compression pipeline and try to see what we're going to get. Okay, we are going to have a lot of data. Okay, I'm going to get rid of the compression pipeline and then you can see I just remove it and then I'm going to retrieve here only a we're going to retrieve only parent doc and then I cut this. We are going to scroll at bottom here. I'm going to comment this. I'm going to comment this. We're going to see what we're going to get. Okay, you can see in here we don't have a lot of data in the parent dock. The LM has already compressed it has already removed irrelevant data. Now we're going to try to run this pipeline again and see the size of data for this one. We don't have a lot of data. Now let me try to run this and see which amount of data we're going to get back here. You can see we already uh get rid of the compression layer here. I comment that. Okay. I don't add it in here. Let's see what we're going to get here guys. Yeah, you can see we have a data but actually we have a lot of data. You can see we have even this you can see we have your local storage get RM you can see this is relevant data guys that's what I've told you guys okay the now you see the benefit of adding a compression layer okay it has to remove noise from the data you can see we have your local storage and we have other stuff like this you can see we have a lot lot of noise here guys okay lot of noise guys the get rid of that okay now this The benefit of adding a compression layer guide. Okay, you can see it's pretty important to add it. Okay, if you don't add a compression layer that last to remove noise, you're going to get bad response. Okay, you can see the LM may hallucinate or return something like local storage. You pass a prompt like types of prompt engineering and then you see the LLM return in the response. We have some local storage. You can see now we fix that. Okay, we're going to pull back here the compression layer. Okay, we're going to put it back. Okay, it's better to use it in the retrieving pipeline. Now, in order to improve this, in order to go beyond, we are going to leverage now the this technique multiquery retriever. You know as I said before the user the user document can use a broad vocabulary different from our different from our query. Okay. Now in here we can use the lm to generate multiple versions of the query. Okay. Now I'm going to take that and then I'm going to head into charg. I'm going to say charg to generate multiple version of the query. Okay. Now I'm passing generate. and pass it generate multiple version of the query. Okay, I can pass it in here in order to improve retrieval. You're going to see in rag system. Rack system. Let's see. Yeah, you can see guys, you can see chpt generates some questions in here guys. What are types of prompt engineering techniques? Okay, you can see we have here another one. What prompt engineering strategies can be used to improve document retrieval accuracy in retrieve augmented generation? Which prompt engineering approaches have been shown to enhance the retrieval? Now you can see in the background we can use the LLM in order to generate this kind of questions that we can use in order to query the vector. in order to have in order to pass more context to the LM and yeah that's all guys now we're going to start now building our trap PDF because we already got the basic all right guys now going to take a look to this architecture of multi- aent system so this is the supervisor pattern architecture now you can see in here we have the chart PDF which is the manage agents it is for sub agents you can see it is a retriever agents the credit agents, multi credit agents and a planer agents. Now how it works once the user inputs an input to our system they're going to forward it to the chart PDF which is the manager agents and then the chart PDF manager agent is going to forward this input to the planner agents and then the planer agent is going to make a plan and once it finish making a plan it's going to return it to the chart PDF to the manager agents. Now once the manage agent receive a plane from the planer agent it's going to read it and then it's going to tell the multiquery agent to generate multiple version of the user query and then once it finish it's going to return this this query to char PDF which is manager and then the manager agent is going to give an order to the retriever agents. So the retriever agents going to start retrieving data based on the query provided manager agents. Then the retriever agent in here is going to use a retriever tool in order to retrieve data in a vector database. Now once he is the data it's going to retain the data to the manage agents and once the manage agent receive the data again retrieved by the retriever agents it's going to take the data and pass it to the critic agents. So what is the role of the critic agents? The role of the critic agents is to verify if the data retrieved by the retriever agent is accurate based on the user query. But also the creative agents can make a web search in order to verify if the data is really relevant to the user query. And once it finish is going to return the data to the manager agent and then the manager agent is going to give the user the response. Okay, this how it works. Okay, you can see this the diagram and here let me zoom a little bit. You can see in here guys we have here the planer agents. We are going to use deepseek as a motor. And for the multiquery agents, we're going to use deepseek. For the critic agents, we're going to use here deepseek 2. And the critic agent has a set to you. You can see this tool. And the retriever agents here has a retriever tool to retrieve data in a vector database. And for the model, we're going to use here GBT OS. Okay. Yeah, that is the system. This is the this is the architecture of our system. Now we're going to head into the code and then I'm going to show you how it works. Okay. Now you can see let me zoom a little bit. You can see we this is a netj app. Okay. I'm going to pull the link down of this repository in description. Okay. Now we you can see in here I have a photo chf. Now [snorts] inside of it we have here manage agents. Okay. And this is the manage agents. I wrap the manage agents inside of a function manage agents and I pass here PDF ID. I'm going to explain that later. And then here we have here a system prompt. Okay, if I click here, each agent here guys has a system prompt. Okay, you can see we have here the prompt folder. So this is the prompt for the manage agents. We have a prompt for multiquery agents, for the planer agents and for the retriever agents. Okay, this is the prompt. Now once we have here this prompt, we're going to create now these sub agents and then we're going to pass a prompt to to appropriate sub agent. Okay, now for the create agent, this is the create agent and we pass here the create agent function. We pass here the llm which is fireworks and we pass it the system prompt and we pass it AC2. Okay, we have here the multiquery agents. We pass it here the the model which is LLM cerebr and we pass here the system prompt. We have the planer agents. We pass here the motor and the system prompt. We have here the retra agents. We pass here the llm the system prompt but also the tool. You can see for the tool we have here retra tool where we we importing the query multi vector function. Okay. So this function I've already explained you how it works. You can see we have here load rod dos. This function allows to extract it allows to extract data from a document and is document loader that I'm using right here is PDF loader. Okay PDF loader. We use PDF loader in order to extract data from a PDF. And then here we have another function create parent docs. This function allows to create parent docs. Parent chunks. We have here function that allows to create child CHS. And then we pass this function in the doc embedding multiv vector function. You can see here's the first function. Here's the second function in order to create parent doc. And then once we have parent dog, we are going to use the parent dogs in order to create the child dogs. Okay, that's what we pass in here. And then we are going to retrieve data. Okay. Okay guys, now you can see this is the query multi vector function that I'm passing here. And then when we are going to code a function, we're going to get data. We're going to return right here an array of documents. You can see in here we pass here the extra you can see we pass here the extraction layer okay in order to clean the data retrieve from the vector database in order to remove irrelevant data and then we're going to return that okay and then we're going to return the data now I'm going to go back in the retriever tool you can see is where we call that and then we have a function in order to serialize the data in order to convert this array document to string. Okay. Um iterating through it passing map and then we are going to return here a string. Okay. That's what we're going to pass to the retraer agent. Okay. You can see on the diagram in here guys here is the retriever agents. Once it retrieve data with the retriever tool, we're going to return it to the retriever agents. And then the retriever agents going to pass data to the manage agents. Now as we have here the manager agents. Now we're going to return the agents the manage agents and then I'm going to start interacting with it. Okay, I'm going to head into API folder agent stream. Okay, in here now you can see we extract here the message but also the PDF ID and then I pass here the manager agent and in order to invoke the manager agent I use the stream function. Okay. And in here I use save as send event in order to to in order to to send that to a client in real time. Okay, we use here readable stream. Now I'm going to head into the browser and then I'm going to show you how it works. Now this is a PDF. It talks about generative AI. I'm going to import it into the system. Okay, this is a PDF of 10 pages. We're going to import it into the system. I'm going to head into here and then I'm going to click here upload. We're going to upload it into the system. I'm going to head into downloads and then I'm going to select it. Okay, you can see first of all we're going to import it into the app and then we're going to embed it. Okay, we're going to store the file in effect database. Okay, now let's see right here what we have here. You can see actually they start embedding the PDF. You can see they split it into multiple chunks. You can see we have it in here. They creating right here child chunks and then actually they are storing the PDF in a in pancorn database. Okay, now we're going to wait a bit. It's going to take some moment and then here meanwhile I'm going to head into here. I'm going to check the PDF a little bit and right here I'm going to make a query for the agent. Okay, I'm pass it tell me something about generative. You can see in here it seems they already finished importing the PDF. Yeah, you can see they they already finished. You can see they already finished importing the PDF. Now I'm pass to the agent. You can see if I reduce the zoom at the left here, we have the uploaded dock. Okay. Generative AI. Okay. The the generated taro generative generative artificial intelligence. Okay. Now if I click here they pass here the PDF ID. Okay you can see in the database if we head into here we have a PDF database. You can see generative artificial intelligence. This the tit of the the PDF that we just imported in the system. Now I'm going to pass here an input and pass here like tell me something about generative AI. Okay. Now I'm going to tap in and then I'm going to reduce the window here. Okay. Actually the agent starts working and you can see here this is the input now all help you learn about generative AI. Okay. And you can see actually we are streaming the agent thinking in real time. Okay. We have streaming the agent thinking in real time. You can see actually the agent is working and you can see I separate the agent thinking with the response. Okay, the agent is thinking how to give us a better response. Okay, and in here in the background you can see to a name retriever agents. The retriever agents actually is working. The manager agents has already called the planer agent. You can see actually yeah it's continue working. Okay. Actually, they're still working. You can you can see here thinking. Okay. It's still working. Okay. Thinking. Okay. They're working towards our input. Okay. Yeah. You can you can see it continue working. You continue working guys. You can see continue working. Okay. Continue working. You can see continue working. You fade into the console here. Continue working. continue fetching the data. Okay, we are going to it's going to generate the response soon. Okay, the the main agent is analyzing the data. The main agent is analyzing the data actually guys for better response. Okay. Yeah. Yeah guys actually finish. You can see actually finish. Now you can see guys the agent finished working. You can see we have here the thinking the steps that the agents work through in order to give us a response. And here you can see this is the overview of generative AI key applications by sector software development. Creative industries we have your text image generation text to video generation music composition. We have your productivity and business. We have here chat bots and we have here suits, Google photos, education, additional sectors and technical accessibility. Okay, this is the response generated by the AI. Okay, and yeah, you can see that actually we are streaming the AI response in real time. And in here we have here some docs that I've uploaded in the system. You can see we have some ducks. Okay, you can select here do and then you can start chatting with it. Okay, first of all, you need to upload a dog, guys. Okay, and that's it guys for this video. You just learned how to use multifactor retrieval, parent do parent document retrieval, contextual compression retrieval, multiquery retrieval. And in order to get basic guys, go check it out this video and clone to learn about multi aent system part one. To learn how to stream LLM response in real time, go check it out the free parts. to learn linking from scratch. Go check out the first part, guys. And to improve this system, guys, here's what you're going to do, guys. You're going to add two tools. A tool that allows the agent to create a file and two that allows the agent to read a file for current of loading. Okay, this is pretty important to improve to have an efficient system. And also, you going to try to fine-tune the system prompts for each agents. And yeah, that's it guys for this video. I hope you enjoy.